Fix qualified modifier lookup. (#10307)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/function-modifiers.rst

if they are marked ``virtual``. For details, please see
:ref:`Modifier Overriding <modifier-overriding>`.

If you want to access the modifier defined in the current or a base contract ``C``,

> you can use ``C.m`` to reference the modfier defined in ``C`` without

Reviewer: A typo:
```suggestion
you can use ``C.m`` to reference the modifier defined in ``C`` without
```

Reviewer: Also, what do you think about adding more detail here?
```suggestion
If you want to access a modifier `m` defined in a contract ``C``, you can use ``C.m`` to
reference it without virtual lookup. It's only possible to use modifiers defined in the current
contract or its base contracts. Modifiers can also be defined in libraries but their use is
limited to functions of the same library.
```
